the Bros guy asks how often should you
upgrade your PC parts but I'm going to
turn this one around and I'm going to
tell you when you shouldn't upgrade your
PC you should never upgrade your PC
because you saw an ad for something that
promises to be so much better you should
never upgrade your PC because one of
your friends upgraded and you feel left
behind and you should never upgrade your
PC because you've got some cash burning
a hole in your wallet and you're just
looking for a way to spend it the only
reason you should upgrade your PC is if
there's a game or application that's not
running well for you and after doing
some careful research you find that
there is a part that can make a big
difference and only you can answer that
question thanks nexo for sponsoring this
short you can learn about their nexo
gripon case at the link in the video
description